you would do if you had the Magic Kingdom all to yourself for a night.
you would want to eat if you could only eat one Disney park snack forever.
you would do to survive an hour trapped in 'It's a Small World'.
you would do with a real lightsaber in Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge.
you would want to find hidden in Cinderella Castle.
you would do if you were hired as a Jungle Cruise Skipper.
you would want to experience at Tokyo DisneySea.
you would do to skip the line for Tron Lightcycle Run.
you would buy with unlimited money on Main Street, U.S.A.
you would do if you found a secret underground tunnel at EPCOT.
you would say to Mickey Mouse if you had him alone for a minute.
you would want to add to the Haunted Mansion.
you would do to become a citizen of Batuu.
you would want to ride first at Disneyland Paris.
you would do if you could live in the Tree of Life at Animal Kingdom.
you would bring on an actual Jungle Cruise.
you would want to see in a brand new pavilion at EPCOT's World Showcase.
you would do if you were stuck at the top of the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.
you would want to discover in the caves of Tom Sawyer Island.
you would do if you were allowed to pilot the Millennium Falcon.
you would want to buy in the shops of Shanghai Disneyland.
you would do to make the queue for Peter Pan's Flight less boring.
you would want to happen during the fireworks show.
you would do if you suddenly had Elsa's ice powers in the Norway Pavilion.
you would want to find inside the Matterhorn bobsleds mountain.
you shouldn't do on an indoor rollercoaster like Space Mountain.
you really don't want your Jungle Cruise Skipper to say.
you shouldn't try to smuggle out of Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge.
you wouldn't want to find floating in the Pirates of the Caribbean water.
you shouldn't scream out during the Hall of Presidents.
you shouldn't do while taking a photo in front of the castle.
you wouldn't want to hear the Ghost Host say in the Haunted Mansion.
you shouldn't wear to a Disney park in the middle of summer.
you wouldn't want to happen on the Disney Skyliner gondolas.
you shouldn't try to feed the ducks at Walt Disney World.
you really don't want to find at the bottom of your Dole Whip.
you shouldn't do when meeting a Disney character.
you wouldn't want to see walking down Main Street, U.S.A.
you shouldn't say to the security guards at park bag check.
you wouldn't want to happen when you're strapped into the Rock 'n' Roller Coaster.
